Found 444 Links

https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/#main
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/#main is a valid link
https://myaccount.nytimes.com/seg/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/your-saved-items/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/your-saved-items/ is a valid link
https://myaccount.nytimes.com/gst/signout?redirect_uri=https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-pressure-washer/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-pressure-washer/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cordless-stick-vacuum/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cordless-stick-vacuum/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-carry-on-luggage/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-carry-on-luggage/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bath-towel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bath-towel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-espresso-machine-grinder-and-accessories-for-beginners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-espresso-machine-grinder-and-accessories-for-beginners/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-blood-pressure-monitors-for-home-use/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-blood-pressure-monitors-for-home-use/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-washer-and-dryer/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-washer-and-dryer/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-air-purifier/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-air-purifier/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/our-favorite-mechanical-keyboards/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/our-favorite-mechanical-keyboards/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-patio-furniture/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-patio-furniture/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-leafblowers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-leafblowers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bluetooth-speaker/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bluetooth-speaker/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-places-to-buy-glasses-online/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-places-to-buy-glasses-online/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/best-electronics-deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/best-electronics-deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/best-apple-deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/best-apple-deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/accessories/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/accessories/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/audio/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/audio/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/batteries/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/batteries/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/cameras/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/cameras/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/camera-accessories/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/camera-accessories/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/computers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/computers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/exercise/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/exercise/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/gaming/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/gaming/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/headphones/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/headphones/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/home-theater/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/home-theater/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/laptops/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/laptops/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/networking/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/networking/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/printers-scanners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/printers-scanners/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/projectors/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/projectors/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/smart-home/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/smart-home/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/smartphones/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/smartphones/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/storage-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/storage-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/tablets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/tablets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/tvs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/tvs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/usb-c/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/usb-c/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/gardening/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/gardening/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/bathroom/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/bathroom/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/bedroom/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/bedroom/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/cleaning/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/cleaning/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/closet-laundry/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/closet-laundry/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/garage/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/garage/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/entertaining-home/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/entertaining-home/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/furniture/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/furniture/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/safety-home-garden/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/safety-home-garden/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/smart-home/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/smart-home/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/storage-home-garden/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/storage-home-garden/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/tools/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/tools/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/weather/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/weather/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress-for-back-sleepers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress-for-back-sleepers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-side-sleepers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-side-sleepers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-stomach-sleepers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-stomach-sleepers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/mattresses-for-back-pain/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/mattresses-for-back-pain/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cheap-mattress/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cheap-mattress/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-foam-mattresses-you-can-buy-online/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-foam-mattresses-you-can-buy-online/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-innerspring-mattress/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-innerspring-mattress/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-hybrid-mattresses/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-hybrid-mattresses/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress-toppers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress-toppers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-sheets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-sheets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bed-pillows/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bed-pillows/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-comforter/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-comforter/ is a valid link
null
URL is either not configured for anchor tag or it is empty
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/baking/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/baking/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/coffee/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/coffee/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/cookware/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/cookware/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/entertaining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/entertaining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/food/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/food/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/large-appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/large-appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/small-appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/small-appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/storage/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/storage/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/tools-kitchen-dining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/tools-kitchen-dining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/wine-bar/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/wine-bar/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/large/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/large/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/small/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/small/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/vacuums/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/vacuums/ is a valid link
null
URL is either not configured for anchor tag or it is empty
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-gifts-for-mom/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-gifts-for-mom/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-mothers-day-gifts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-mothers-day-gifts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/last-minute-mothers-day-gifts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/last-minute-mothers-day-gifts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/gifts-for-new-moms/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/gifts-for-new-moms/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-online-flower-delivery/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-online-flower-delivery/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/kids/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/kids/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/adults/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/adults/ is a valid link
null
URL is either not configured for anchor tag or it is empty
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/apparel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/apparel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/camping/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/camping/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/gear/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/gear/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/hiking/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/hiking/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/snow/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/snow/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/swim/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/swim/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/weather/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/weather/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/style/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/style/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/backpacks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/backpacks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/gear-travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/gear-travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/luggage/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/luggage/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/cycling/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/cycling/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/exercise/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/exercise/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/medical-supplies/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/medical-supplies/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/personal-care/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/personal-care/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/wearables/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/wearables/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/baby/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/baby/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/pregnancy-nursing/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/pregnancy-nursing/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/school/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/school/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/toys/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/toys/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/cats/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/cats/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/dogs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/dogs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/gear-pets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/gear-pets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/music/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/music/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/software/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/software/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/furniture-office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/furniture-office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/home-office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/home-office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/printers-scanners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/printers-scanners/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/accessories-auto/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/accessories-auto/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/adult/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/adult/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/managing-money/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/managing-money/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/shopping/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/shopping/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/about/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/about/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/money-saving-tips-and-tricks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/money-saving-tips-and-tricks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/money-saving-tips-and-tricks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/money-saving-tips-and-tricks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/smart-home-devices-save-money-energy/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/smart-home-devices-save-money-energy/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/3-easy-ways-to-save-energy-without-extra-effort/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/3-easy-ways-to-save-energy-without-extra-effort/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/safe-online-shopping/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/safe-online-shopping/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/wirecutter
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/everything/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/everything/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-online-dating-sexting/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-online-dating-sexting/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-selling-donating-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-selling-donating-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-for-borders-and-protests/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-for-borders-and-protests/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-secure-iot-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-secure-iot-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-youve-been-hacked/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-youve-been-hacked/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-secure-your-sensitive-data/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-secure-your-sensitive-data/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/everything/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/everything/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25026?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25026?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25026?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25026?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25024?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25024?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25024?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25024?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25022?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25022?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25022?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25022?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25018?merchant=eBay
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25018?merchant=eBay is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25018?merchant=eBay
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25018?merchant=eBay is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25016?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25016?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25016?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25016?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25014?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25014?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25014?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25014?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25012?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25012?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25012?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25012?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25008?merchant=Mirror
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25008?merchant=Mirror is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25008?merchant=Mirror
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25008?merchant=Mirror is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25006?merchant=Rachio
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25006?merchant=Rachio is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25006?merchant=Rachio
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25006?merchant=Rachio is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25004?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25004?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25004?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/deals/25004?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-everyday-rain-jacket/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-everyday-rain-jacket/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-everyday-rain-jacket/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-everyday-rain-jacket/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-boots/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-boots/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-boots/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-boots/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-umbrella/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-umbrella/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-umbrella/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-umbrella/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-pants/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-pants/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-pants/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-rain-pants/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/cleaning/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/cleaning/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/smart-home/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/smart-home/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/bedroom/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/bedroom/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/home-garden/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-secure-iot-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-secure-iot-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-secure-iot-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-secure-iot-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-washer-dryer-combo/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-washer-dryer-combo/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-washer-dryer-combo/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-washer-dryer-combo/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/20204/168675/4/61326/?merchant=Lowe%27s
URL belongs to vendor.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-organize-clean-and-maintain-cookbooks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-organize-clean-and-maintain-cookbooks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-organize-clean-and-maintain-cookbooks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-organize-clean-and-maintain-cookbooks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-smart-doorbell-camera/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-smart-doorbell-camera/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-smart-doorbell-camera/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-smart-doorbell-camera/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/computers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/computers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/audio/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/audio/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/accessories/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/accessories/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/electronics/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-online-dating-sexting/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-online-dating-sexting/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-online-dating-sexting/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-online-dating-sexting/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-selling-donating-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-selling-donating-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-selling-donating-devices/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-selling-donating-devices/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-for-borders-and-protests/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-for-borders-and-protests/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-for-borders-and-protests/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-for-borders-and-protests/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/advice/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/advice/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/sleep-gear/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/sleep-gear/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/mattresses/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/mattresses/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/sleep/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-platform-bed-frames-under-300/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-platform-bed-frames-under-300/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-platform-bed-frames-under-300/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-platform-bed-frames-under-300/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-foam-mattresses-you-can-buy-online/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-foam-mattresses-you-can-buy-online/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-foam-mattresses-you-can-buy-online/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-foam-mattresses-you-can-buy-online/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattress/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-side-sleepers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-side-sleepers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-side-sleepers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mattresses-for-side-sleepers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/tools-kitchen-dining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/tools-kitchen-dining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/small-appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/small-appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/food/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/food/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/kitchen-dining/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-filter-pitcher/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-filter-pitcher/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-filter-pitcher/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-filter-pitcher/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-microwave/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-microwave/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-microwave/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-microwave/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/28187/146809/4/80685/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/28187/146809/4/80685/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-refrigerator/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-refrigerator/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-refrigerator/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-refrigerator/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/small/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/small/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/large/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/large/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/vacuums/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/vacuums/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/appliances/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-upright-canister-vacuums/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-upright-canister-vacuums/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-upright-canister-vacuums/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-upright-canister-vacuums/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/10479/29508/4/110432/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/10479/29508/4/110432/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-robot-vacuum/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-robot-vacuum/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-robot-vacuum/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-robot-vacuum/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/40733/0/4/138755/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/40733/0/4/138755/ is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/41795/166886/4/138756/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/41795/166886/4/138756/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-tackle-spring-cleaning-projects/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-tackle-spring-cleaning-projects/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-tackle-spring-cleaning-projects/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-tackle-spring-cleaning-projects/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-air-conditioner/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-air-conditioner/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-air-conditioner/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-air-conditioner/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/37684/162637/4/115619/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/37684/162637/4/115619/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/adults/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/adults/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/kids/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/kids/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/holiday-decorations/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/holiday-decorations/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/mothers-day-deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/mothers-day-deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/mothers-day-deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/mothers-day-deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-gifts-for-teachers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-gifts-for-teachers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-gifts-for-teachers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/gifts/best-gifts-for-teachers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-online-flower-delivery/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-online-flower-delivery/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-online-flower-delivery/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-online-flower-delivery/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/36777/159237/4/111481/?merchant=UrbanStems
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/36777/159237/4/111481/?merchant=UrbanStems is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/gear/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/gear/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/apparel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/apparel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/camping/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/camping/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/outdoors/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/best-apps-for-visiting-national-parks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/best-apps-for-visiting-national-parks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/best-apps-for-visiting-national-parks/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/best-apps-for-visiting-national-parks/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-helmet-for-commuters/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-helmet-for-commuters/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-helmet-for-commuters/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-helmet-for-commuters/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/27519/143719/4/78144/?merchant=Specialized
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/27519/143719/4/78144/?merchant=Specialized is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-national-park-gear/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-national-park-gear/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-national-park-gear/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-national-park-gear/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-bottle/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-bottle/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-bottle/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-water-bottle/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/style/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/style/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-laptop-tote-bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-laptop-tote-bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-laptop-tote-bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-laptop-tote-bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/convertible-heels-too-good-to-be-true/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/convertible-heels-too-good-to-be-true/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/convertible-heels-too-good-to-be-true/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/convertible-heels-too-good-to-be-true/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/our-favorite-messenger-bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/our-favorite-messenger-bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/our-favorite-messenger-bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/our-favorite-messenger-bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/gear-travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/gear-travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/luggage/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/luggage/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/travel-guide/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/travel-guide/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/travel-guide/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/travel-guide/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-gear-for-your-road-trip/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-gear-for-your-road-trip/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-gear-for-your-road-trip/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-gear-for-your-road-trip/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mens-and-womens-underwear-for-travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mens-and-womens-underwear-for-travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mens-and-womens-underwear-for-travel/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-mens-and-womens-underwear-for-travel/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/49727/180091/4/143263/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/49727/180091/4/143263/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/19896/175312/4/47542/?merchant=REI
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/19896/175312/4/47542/?merchant=REI is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-use-reusable-produce-bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-use-reusable-produce-bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-use-reusable-produce-bags/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-use-reusable-produce-bags/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/36219/179789/4/143577/?merchant=Design%20Milk
URL belongs to vendor.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/covid-19/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/covid-19/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/personal-care/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/personal-care/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/exercise/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/exercise/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/health-fitness/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-adjustable-dumbbells/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-adjustable-dumbbells/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-adjustable-dumbbells/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/the-best-adjustable-dumbbells/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/26939/0/4/76489/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/26939/0/4/76489/ is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-rack-for-cars/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-rack-for-cars/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-rack-for-cars/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-rack-for-cars/ is a valid link
https://wclink.co/link/15970/0/4/78898/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-lock/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-lock/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-lock/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-bike-lock/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/20951/111430/4/69308/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/20951/111430/4/69308/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/baby/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/baby/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/toys/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/toys/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/school/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/school/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/baby-kid/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/15-lgbtq-books-for-kids-and-teens/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/15-lgbtq-books-for-kids-and-teens/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/15-lgbtq-books-for-kids-and-teens/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/15-lgbtq-books-for-kids-and-teens/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-baby-formula/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-baby-formula/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-baby-formula/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-baby-formula/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/36104/158381/4/105675/?merchant=Costco
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/36104/158381/4/105675/?merchant=Costco is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-booster-car-seats/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-booster-car-seats/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-booster-car-seats/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-booster-car-seats/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/50111/0/4/144274/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/50111/0/4/144274/ is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/baby-formula-shortage-what-to-do/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/baby-formula-shortage-what-to-do/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/baby-formula-shortage-what-to-do/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/baby-formula-shortage-what-to-do/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/dogs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/dogs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/cats/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/cats/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/gear-pets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/gear-pets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/pets/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-crate/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-crate/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-crate/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-crate/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/19807/155624/4/46096/?merchant=Chewy
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/19807/155624/4/46096/?merchant=Chewy is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-beds/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-beds/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-beds/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-dog-beds/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/20953/111449/4/62067/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/20953/111449/4/62067/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ask-wirecutter-dog-wont-go-out-in-rain/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ask-wirecutter-dog-wont-go-out-in-rain/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ask-wirecutter-dog-wont-go-out-in-rain/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ask-wirecutter-dog-wont-go-out-in-rain/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/survive-thrive-at-home/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/survive-thrive-at-home/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/music/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/music/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/hobby-crafts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/lists/the-best-record-player-setup-for-beginners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/lists/the-best-record-player-setup-for-beginners/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/lists/the-best-record-player-setup-for-beginners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/lists/the-best-record-player-setup-for-beginners/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/raw-easter-eggs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/raw-easter-eggs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/raw-easter-eggs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/raw-easter-eggs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-dye-easter-eggs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-dye-easter-eggs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-dye-easter-eggs/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/how-to-dye-easter-eggs/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-beer-brewing-kit/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-beer-brewing-kit/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-beer-brewing-kit/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-beer-brewing-kit/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/19311/162291/4/143903/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/19311/162291/4/143903/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/software/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/software/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-youve-been-hacked/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-youve-been-hacked/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-youve-been-hacked/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-youve-been-hacked/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-secure-your-sensitive-data/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-secure-your-sensitive-data/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-secure-your-sensitive-data/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/simple-online-security-secure-your-sensitive-data/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-social-media-privacy/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-social-media-privacy/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-social-media-privacy/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/guides/online-security-social-media-privacy/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/home-office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/home-office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/printers-scanners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/printers-scanners/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/furniture-office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/furniture-office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/office/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-led-desk-lamp/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-led-desk-lamp/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-led-desk-lamp/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-led-desk-lamp/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cheap-printers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cheap-printers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cheap-printers/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-cheap-printers/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/34278/0/4/144678/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/34278/0/4/144678/ is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/26195/0/4/144679/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/26195/0/4/144679/ is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-tax-software/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-tax-software/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-tax-software/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-tax-software/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/36844/159319/4/109800/?merchant=Intuit%20TurboTax
URL belongs to vendor.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/1053/0/4/87333/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/1053/0/4/87333/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-wi-fi-mesh-networking-kits/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-wi-fi-mesh-networking-kits/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-wi-fi-mesh-networking-kits/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-wi-fi-mesh-networking-kits/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/accessories-auto/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/accessories-auto/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/cars/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-find-cheapest-gas/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-find-cheapest-gas/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-find-cheapest-gas/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ways-to-find-cheapest-gas/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-qi-wireless-car-phone-charger-mounts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-qi-wireless-car-phone-charger-mounts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-qi-wireless-car-phone-charger-mounts/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-qi-wireless-car-phone-charger-mounts/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/38054/161253/4/113094/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/38054/161253/4/113094/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-car-vacuum/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-car-vacuum/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-car-vacuum/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-car-vacuum/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/7664/175203/4/75362/?merchant=Amazon
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/7664/175203/4/75362/?merchant=Amazon is a broken link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/out/link/48025/176575/4/143273/?merchant=Home%20Depot
URL belongs to vendor.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/shopping/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/shopping/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/managing-money/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/managing-money/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/monthly-deals-predictions/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/monthly-deals-predictions/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/camping-deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/camping-deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/camping-deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/camping-deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/best-420-deals-2022/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/best-420-deals-2022/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/best-420-deals-2022/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/best-420-deals-2022/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/deals-on-games-and-hobbies/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/deals-on-games-and-hobbies/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/deals-on-games-and-hobbies/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/deals-on-games-and-hobbies/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/satisfying-deals-under-50/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/satisfying-deals-under-50/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/satisfying-deals-under-50/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/money/satisfying-deals-under-50/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/contact-us/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/contact-us/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/privacy-policy#/privacy
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/wirecutter
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.facebook.com/thewirecutter/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.instagram.com/wirecutter/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://twitter.com/wirecutter/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.tiktok.com/@wirecutter
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/about/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/about/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/masthead/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/masthead/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/staff-demographics/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/staff-demographics/ is a valid link
https://nytimes.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/Wirecutter
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/contact-us/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/contact-us/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/how-to-pitch/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/how-to-pitch/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/deals/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/lists/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/lists/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/blog/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/newsletters/wirecutter-daily/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/newsletters/wirecutter-daily/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/privacy-policy#/privacy
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115014893428-Terms-of-service
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/privacy-policy#/cookie
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/partners/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/partners/ is a valid link
https://info.wrightsmedia.com/nyt-wirecutter-licensing
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/feed/
https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/feed/ is a valid link
https://www.nytimes.com/
URL belongs to another domain, skipping it.

Process finished with exit code 0
